Stage One CI Integration step implemented along with CLI command to i… (#10)
astropy/nbcollection: README.md

notebooks):

    nbcollection execute my_notebooks --inplace

# nbcollection-ci

> `nbcollection-ci` is a suite of CLI tools designed to make working with jupyter-lab seemless. The goal is to empower
> communities using Github, CircleCI, Jenkins and simular tools, to quickly build and review Jupyter Notebooks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nbcollection-ci` is a suite of CLI tools designed to simplify maintaining, converting, and testing collections 
of Jupyter notebooks. The goal is to empower communities using GitHub, CircleCI, Jenkins and similar CI 
tools, to assist with building and reviewing Jupyter notebooks. 
```
